# An interesting article I have read recently:
[Goodbye, Object Oriented Programming](https://medium.com/@cscalfani/goodbye-object-oriented-programming-a59cda4c0e53)
***
# What I found interesting about this article
According to Charles, "the problem with object-oriented languages is they’ve got all this implicit environment that they carry around with them. You wanted a banana but what you got was a gorilla holding the banana and the entire jungle". This metaphor vivdly shows the problem with the reuse of a class in OOP programming. Method to avoid such kind of situation is to create hierarchies which are not too deep. However, this solution just limits the benefit of reuse by limiting such kind of mechanism. Besides, I strongly agree with the suggesiotn of using interface-based programming to work on things like Polymorphism. I think the analysis in this article can help people comprehend the disadvantages of OOP programming in spite of its popularity.

# My thoughts on this article (Tianyu Zhang)
Charles mentions one situation that "One day, my code works and the next day it stops working. " He finds out that it is because of the changes of the class that he inherited from. It happens sometimes with OOP, because when we try to get some function from the class, we actually acquire the whole class. Changes in the original class will cause the change of his "children" as well which sometimes makes us hard to debug as we may have reused the class a lot. The author analyzes OOP programming very well about its advantages and disadvantages. I gain a better understanding of OOP through reading his article and absorb some good ideas for using OOP in order to avoid bugs caused by the original settings of OOP.
